document BPM const filter (#794)
mixxxdj/manual: source/chapters/library.rst

       ~bpm:100

>   * Constant BPM search finds tracks that were analyzed with "Assume constant tempo".
>     With "not"/negative prefix``-`` it finds all tracks with variable tempo.
> 
>     ::
> 
>        bpm:const|constant
> 
> 

Reviewer: NIT:
```suggestion
  * Constant BPM search finds tracks that were analyzed with "Assume constant tempo".
    Combine with "not"/negative prefix``-`` to find all tracks with variable tempo.

    ::

       bpm:const
       bpm:constant
```

Author: oki, done.

Reviewer: I also had reformulated the second sentence. Sorry, should've mentioned it since the diff doesn't highlight it.
